Fix wet spells - generic spell statistics (#1838)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGELOG.rst

v0.52.0 (unreleased)
--------------------
Contributors to this version: David Huard (:user:`huard`), Pascal Bourgault (:user:`aulemahal`).

Bug fixes
^^^^^^^^^

> * Wet spell indicators fixed. New generic spell length statistic function ``xclim.indices.generic.spell_length_statistics`` used in wet and dry spells indicators. (:issue:`1834`, :pull:`1838`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Addressed a bug found in ``wet_spell_*`` indicators that was contributing to erroneous results. A new generic spell length statistic function ``xclim.indices.generic.spell_length_statistics`` is now used in wet and dry spells indicators. (:issue:`1834`, :pull:`1838`).
```

Reviewer: Does this fix merit a Breaking Changes?
